DOC-2062: Added TINY-9468 to the release notes. (#2775)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

For information on the **Merge Tags** plugin, see: xref:mergetags.adoc[Merge Tags].

> === Advanced Typography 1.1.2
> 
> The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Advanced Typography** premium plugin.
> 
> **Advanced Typography** 1.1.2 includes two fixes:
> 
> === Typography buttons are disabled in non-editable sections of the editor.
> //#TINY-9468
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, the Typography button was still enabled when the user selected a `contenteditable="false"` element within the editor.
> 
> In version 6.5, an update was applied to the Advanced Typography plugin, that now disables the button and its function when the selection is in a `contenteditable="false"` selection.
> 
> === Typography command no longer applies fixes if the selection is non-editable.
> //#TINY-9468
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, applying the `mceTypography` execCommand while the selection was in a `contenteditable="false"` element would apply changes to the users selection.
> 
> In version 6.5, an update was applied to the Advanced Typography plugin, that now disables the `mceTypography` execCommand if the users selection is within a `contenteditable="false"` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Advanced Typography 1.1.2

The {productname} 6.5 release includes an accompanying release of the **Advanced Typography** premium plugin.

**Advanced Typography** 1.1.2 includes two fixes:

=== Advanced Typography buttons are disabled in elements with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set.
//#TINY-9468

Previously, the Typography toolbar button was still enabled when the user selected an element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set within the {productname} editor.

With this release, the **Advanced Typography** plugin now correctly disables its toolbar button and its function when the selection is in an element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set.

=== The Advanced Typography command, `mceTypography`, no longer applies fixes if the selection is an element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set.
//#TINY-9468

Previously, applying the `mceTypography` command when the selection was in an element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set still applied changes to the selection.

With this release, the **Advanced Typography** plugin now correctly disables the `mceTypography` command when the selection is in an element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute set

For information on the **Advanced Typography** plugin, see: xref:advanced-typography.adoc[Advanced Typography].
```

1. Edits
2. Added the _for information_ line.
